Hi, I’m Hafizha Farah Amalina. Since February 2024, I’ve been dedicating my time to studying and training to become a Quality Assurance (QA) specialist. I'm excited to have found a field where I can truly thrive and grow professionally. Alongside QA, I am expanding my expertise in areas such as Introduction to Programming with IoT Boards, AI Fundamentals, AWS Network Management and Operations, Machine Learning with Python, Project Management Foundations, Data Science, Advanced Vibrations, Differential Equations, Scalable Application Development with .NET Core, Supply Chain Management, Statistics, System Engineering, Program Management, and Excel for Data Analysis. Additionally, I'm diving into Testing and Debugging in .NET Core Applications, and Software Testing and Validation. Accessibility, particularly in digital spaces, is something I’m deeply passionate about. In my QA role, I see the opportunity to help make the digital world more inclusive and user-friendly for everyone. Through this portfolio, I aim to share my knowledge in QA and demonstrate the practical skills I've gained from courses, self-study, and professional experience. I once completed over 10 courses on QA in just one month! I'm deeply dedicated to the field—not only am I involved in QA Research and Development, but I'm also actively learning about QA Engineering and Software.

<div class="badge-base LI-profile-badge" data-locale="en_US" data-size="medium" data-theme="light" data-type="VERTICAL" data-vanity="hafizhafarahamalina28" data-version="v1"><a class="badge-base__link LI-simple-link" href="https://id.linkedin.com/in/hafizhafarahamalina28/en?trk=profile-badge">Hafizha Farah Amalina</a></div>

